README.md, before:

# Caroline Carrozzini's Webpage

This is a page where I'll share some information about myself and the work that I am doing in biostatistics/bioinformatics. So far, I've done some work to analyze data on Penguins and, most recently, NYC squirrels.

## NYC Squirrel Analysis 
February 2023: In this analysis, I worked on developing hypotheses and finding proper code to find information of the questions I was asking. If you are interested, you can find my work [here](https://carolinecarrozzini.github.io/BioStatisticsAnalysis/NYC_Squirrels.html).

## Penguins
January 2023: In this document, you will find my work from when I was first discovering how to work with Rstudio. You can find that [here](https://carolinecarrozzini.github.io/BioStatisticsAnalysis/PalmerPenguinsAnalysis.html).

## The Differential Association Between Burnout, Depression, and Salivary Cortisol in College Students
April 2023: Undergrad research day. You can find that [here](https://carolinecarrozzini.github.io/BioStatisticsAnalysis/Cortisol-Graphing-Analysis.html).

Commit message:

I think this is my last update

README.md, after:

# Caroline Carrozzini's Webpage

This is a page where I'll share some information about myself and the work that I completed in biostatistics/bioinformatics in my last semester of college. I started off with some easier exploratory analyses using penguins and NYC squirrels and ended with my final project on Carbon Emission and got to show all that I learned in my Cortisol Reserach Project.

## Penguins
January 2023: In this document, you will find my work from when I was first discovering how to work with Rstudio. You can find that [here](https://carolinecarrozzini.github.io/BioStatisticsAnalysis/PalmerPenguinsAnalysis.html).

## NYC Squirrel Analysis 
February 2023: In this analysis, I worked on developing hypotheses and finding proper code to find information of the questions I was asking. If you are interested, you can find my work [here](https://carolinecarrozzini.github.io/BioStatisticsAnalysis/NYC_Squirrels.html).


## Final Project <3
April 2023: Here, I did an exploratory analysis on data that looked at carbon emission within food per country. I used a series of different plots to look at what types of food categories, such as meat, emitted the highest amount of carbon while also looking at individual countries and their carbon output and overall carbon emissions per food consumption. You can find that [here](https://carolinecarrozzini.github.io/BioStatisticsAnalysis/Biostats_Final_Project.html).

## The Differential Association Between Burnout, Depression, and Salivary Cortisol in College Students
April 2023: This is the information I presented at undergraduate research day. I used ggplot to help me create graphs based off of all of the data that I had to compare stress, burnout, anxiety, and depression in comparison to the area under the curve initial (AUCi) and area under the curve ground (AUCg). I was also able to use code to see all of the participants cortisol levels throughout the day all on one graphic to more easily percieve the data I was looking at. You can find that [here](https://carolinecarrozzini.github.io/BioStatisticsAnalysis/Cortisol-Graphing-Analysis.html).
